exceptionally beautiful and televisions
popular Madhubala aha Joe Lobeck larger
season 6 contestant reseed ami with us
welcome to Bollywood now hello
so I mean you're looking absolutely
stunning in this gown and absolutely
tired as well but still what is the
mantra but still what is the mantra of
like the clutter in it to win it
very deadly dancer with you or
choreographer with you yes he is because
he was the star of last season with Isha
and he has really performed amazing
dance sequences our season so I think
you are lucky enough or he is lucky
enough I think I'm lucky yeah I'm lucky
because I have someone get there to be
where he was last year or maybe more and
of course more so I mean what what yeah
what is the winning strategy I mean lot
of contestants and amongst 12 people we
think strategy's working these things
like what you're gonna go and break
someone's prop like clearly doesn't work
that way we are not so evil I guess the
only strategy is the hard work and
that's it I mean I guess there is no
other strategy if you ask anybody else
and if they have a strategy please tell
us so we lost the follow that I mean how
you coping up with Madhubala Angela
coming on on the same Channel both the
shows and day and night you're working
or shooting so yeah I work for 12 hours
and then I come here right here's four
for us and then I sleep Oh for us and
I'm back on shoot is resting a very good
student while rehearsing the dance
sequences absolutely an outstanding
student because she listens she obeys
and she follows orders very well so it's
very good coming to the judges I mean
three beautiful judges Karen Remo and
Midori so who is your favorite one and
why I guess all of them are my favorite
it's just that I might be a little
partial because I find you must say very
cute lastly one message to all my
viewers guys we are putting a lot of
hard work you can see with pretty I look
tired and see the stress is showing all
over his face so please please please
please give us all your support that you
can and I hope you enjoy every act that
we do
well this was dressed e'en Salman in
Mumbai with cameraman camel deep saying
this is Rohit but now therefore
Bollywood now hi this is rusty subscribe
to Bollywood now